Add `tracked-built-ins` dependency (#2)
SergeAstapov/rfcs: text/0000-tracked-built-ins.md

removing the dependency from their `package.json` file.

## How we teach this

The following guide should be added to the Autotracking In-Depth guide in the official guides, and the
sections on [POJOs][guides-pojos] and [Array][guides-arrays] should be removed.

### Tracked data structures

Generally, you should try to create classes with their tracked properties enumerated
and decorated with `@tracked`, instead of relying on dynamically created objects.
In some cases however, there could be a prohibitive number of possible properties,
or there could be no way to know them in advance.
In this case, you should use tracked versions of JavaScript's built-in
Plain Old JavaScript Object (POJO), array or keyed collection (Maps, Sets, WeakMaps, WeakSets)
provided by `tracked-built-ins` package.

```js
import {
  TrackedObject,
  TrackedArray,
  TrackedMap,
  TrackedSet,
  TrackedWeakMap,
  TrackedWeakSet,
} from 'tracked-built-ins';
```

For example, we could make a scoreboard component that keeps score for an
arbitrary number of players, and keep track of the score for each player using
tracked version of JavaScript [Map][global-objects-map].

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

**Note:** In this and the following examples, I am using `<template>` from
[RFC #779][rfc-0779].

```

```js
// app/components/scoreboard.js
import Component from '@glimmer/component';
import { action } from '@ember/object';
import { TrackedMap } from 'tracked-built-ins';

> export default class Scoreboard extends Component {
>   // Mock data for players - this would eventually be replaced with an argument
>   // so players could be passed in
>   players = [
>     { name: 'Zoey' },
>     { name: 'Tomster' },
>   ];
> 
>   // Create a map from player -> score, with each player's score starting at 0
>   scores = new TrackedMap(this.players.map(p => [p, 0]));

Reviewer: We should remove this comment, as this code sample now suggests a pattern we do *not* want to use. (I know this came from the tracked-built-ins README, so no worries!) As written, this suggests a pattern that will actually lead people to bugs if they do as it suggests: the `TrackedMap` will *not* update if they pass in args defining the players. While we could make that a getter, it would then need to be `@cached`, and that increases the complexity quite a bit. Here, I'm suggesting we just explicitly make the players a hard-coded value and show creating a per-instance `scores` which uses the players as its inputs instead.

```suggestion
const PLAYERS = [
  { name: 'Zoey' },
  { name: 'Tomster' },
];

export default class Scoreboard extends Component {
  // Create a map from player -> score, with each player's score starting at 0
  scores = new TrackedMap(PLAYERS.map(p => [p, 0]));
```

Author: totally agree! Class fields should be used cautiously as they are not reactive

  @action
  incrementScore(player) {
    let currentScore = this.scores.get(player);

    this.scores.set(player, currentScore + 1);
  }

  <template>
    {{#each-in this.scores |player score|}}
      <div>
        {{player.name}}: {{score}}
    
        <button type="button" {{on "click" (fn this.incrementScore player)}}>
          +
        </button>
      </div>
    {{/each-in}}
  </template>
}
```

Lets lake a look into another example involving a shopping cart, where we keep track
of the items added to cart using tracked version of JavaScript's [Array][global-objects-array].

```js
// app/components/scoreboard.js
import Component from '@glimmer/component';
import { action } from '@ember/object';
import { TrackedArray } from 'tracked-built-ins';

export default class Cart extends Component {

>   // Mock data for cart items - this would eventually be replaced with an argument
>   // so items could be passed in

Reviewer: As above, this comment ends up being unhelpful and misleading in the context of the RFC (and again, not at all your fault!).

```suggestion
```

    this.items.push(item);
  }

  <template>
    {{#each this.items as |item|}}
      <div>
        {{item.productName}}
      </div>
    {{/each}}
  
    <button type="button" {{on "click" (fn this.addPants @pants)}}>
      Add Pants
    </button>
  </template>
}
```

## Drawbacks

> Why should we *not* do this? Please consider the impact on teaching Ember,
on the integration of this feature with other existing and planned features,
on the impact of the API churn on existing apps, etc.

> There are tradeoffs to choosing any path, please attempt to identify them here.

## Alternatives

- `tracked-built-ins` can be added only to the `app` blueprint and not to the `addon` blueprint.

- Do nothing and recommend using re-setting the property to track data structure changes.

  The tradeoffs of this approach described in "Motivation" section of this RFC.

- Don't add `tracked-built-ins` to the blueprint and only update Ember Guides.

  Ember.js is advertised as "batteries included" framework with complete out-of-the-box experience.
  Asking users to install additional dependencies to achieve relatively common problem contradicts
  with that paradigm.

## Unresolved questions

> None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Should we introduce these at something like `@glimmer/tracking` instead?

  ```js
  import { tracked, TrackedMap, TrackedSet /* etc. */ } from '@glimmer/tracking';
  ```

- Alternatively, should they have a dedicated module for each type?

  ```js
  import TrackedMap from '@glimmer/tracking/map';
  import TrackedSet from '@glimmer/tracking/set';
  // etc.
  ```
```

> [rfc-0669]: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0669-tracked-storage-primitive.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[rfc-0669]: https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/blob/master/text/0669-tracked-storage-primitive.md
[rfc-0779]: http://emberjs.github.io/rfcs/0779-first-class-component-templates.html
```
